We were disappointed with this hotel . The staff seems hurried and unhelpful . Our room was not made up until after 5 PM despite several requests . The blower in the hallway blew freezing air , but the staff told us that there was nothing that could be done about it . The lobby is not inviting and there is no where comfortable to sit . The room and bed was comfortable , but the cream and and modern art work are not our style . The room lacked many of the amenities other hotels in this price range offer . Certainly not worth the rate compared to other hotels I have stayed at in Chicago .
Stayed here October 31 through November 5 for a cconference . This is beautiful hotel and the location is perfect . The Art Institute and Millenium Park is a short 2 block walk from the hotel . My room was small , but beautiful . The bed was comfy and there were plenty of pillows . Alas , no coffee maker in the room ... The staff was helpful and friendly . I 'd stay here again !
`` Barely Average Hotel at Premium Price '' This hotel has a beautiful lobby but fails to fails to maintain its standards beyond the lobby . I have stayed in the Conrad in Dublin , Ireland and in HongKong both of which I loved . I was looking forward to staying at this hotel . I was extremely disappointed . I am very surprised that this hotel is allowed to carry the Conrad name . Pros : Elegant lobby nicely decorated with fresh flowers Location : Located in the Heart of Chicago Disappointments - Stained and worn out carpet in hallway - Room was small - Phone and lightbulb in room were broken - Breakfast was $ 60 for two people , service was slow and impolite - Hotel rationed soaps and shampoo , one bar of soap to share and one bottle of shampoo which was not replaced for two days , I felt like I was staying at a budget hotel . and to cap off my stay the hotel made a billing error which took three months and more effort than it was worth to correct . I would not stay at this hotel again , It just is not worth the premium price they charge .
We paid $ 75 a night through Priceline , which is excellent for June . Our room had a fantastic view of the Hancock Building and the river . The room was large , clean and had a couch , easy chair and desk chair . The bedding was the newer 'non-bedspread ' style , the bed was comfortable , the bathroom was large and , well , we were pleased with the room and the Hyatt in every way . We ate at the lobby restaurant , which is attractively decorated and was bustling with activity when we were there . We only got Cobb Salads , so I do n't know if the food , in general , is good or not . The Cobb was so-so . Our only complaint was the $ 48 fee to park your car over-night and the $ 13 daily fee for the internet . Many places are offering free internet these days and I wish the Hyatt would hop on board with this concept . We hated to leave !
Went there for business and the Hard Rock Hotel on Wacker Drive was recommended . I was to meet my girlfriend there who had arrived 1 hour before me . When she go there at 6PM , the room was n't ready , the phone did n't work , the shower did n't work . When I got there she was already very upset . I called the manager to complain , but was put on hold for 30 min . I could hear everything in the room next to me as if there was n't any wall separating us . I asked for a wake up call , but nobody called me the next morning . When I called to complain the next day , the told me the phone system was down . Ordered room service and got the wrong order ... The building is very old and the elevator sounds like it is on its last breath ... I would not recommend it to anyone Patrick
First let me say , the front office people at Hotel Monaco are wonderful and the location of the hotel was just what I 'd hoped . There are some other problems ; the furnishings are quite rundown , and housekeeping was n't very helpful . We booked a suite and the sofa bed , chair and coffee table in the living room area had all had some very hard use . I 've attached pictures , so you can see the considerable gap in the sofa and the lack of pillows . Comfortable it was not ! The chair bottom is all broken down too . I invited one of the Assistant Managers to view our furniture , and a slight adjustment was made in our rate . As to housekeeping , we had ordered an in-room coffee service ( which Kimpton 's web site says is there , but you have to specifically request ) and at no time did housekeeping leave us coffee . We had to call the front desk every day . And , housekeeping neglected our fish and on our next to last day we found it floating dead at the top of the fish bowl . I had requested water be added to the bowl when I noticed it going down and my note was disregarded . These things may not matter to you , but if you plan to spend a week , like we did , you might want to be comfortable . The bedroom and bathroom were superior ; just the living room was bad .
Negative points : 1 . I guess they gave me the worst room . It 's small room with a king size bed even though I 'd requested a room with two queen beds . 2 . No roll away bed was available so I had to sleep on the floor . 3 . The tub in the bathroom would not drain . 4 . No exhaust fan in the bathroom . 5. broken furniture . Plus point : 1 . Convenient location .
Stayed here as a treat to myself while in Chicago recently for a concert . I totally LOVED IT here ! ! When you called either the Front Desk or Room Service , the phone was answered with `` Hallo Mrs ( Name ) '' which was a great personal touch . Vanessa at the front desk , went out her way to help me - storing some things in a safe for me before I could book into my room . My room was wonderful - the bathroom was luxurious . I was on the 30th floor and the views were superb . We ordered room service and it came quickly and the guy was so friendly and nice . The doormen were great too and I wore jeans and a tshirt one day and they still opened the door for me , so no snobbery there . Comfortable , cozy bathrobes were available in the bathroom , the lights went on in the wardrobe ( never seen that before ! ! ) , tv was HD ready and flat screen . The bed was like sleeping on a cloud - best sleep for a while . Would I stay here again ? ? Oh yeah ! ! No problem - just need to save up first ! !
I travelled to Chicago last week with my daughter for some Christmas shopping . We booked the Conrad based on the reviews on Tripadvisor . It lived up to all expectations . Great big room , with two king size beds . Very comfortable . Breakfast was great , loads of choice and plenty on the plate . Great location , connected to a shopping mall which was very useful the day it snowed . All and all , a great hotel and we would go back in the morning . Chicago is a great city with very friendly people .
The Ambassador East was a average hotel at best , and mediocre at worst . The bright spot is a very helpful and friendly staff . The doormen and the concierge were especially helpful and willing to do what they could for you . The room was lackluster , however . The bathroom was in especially bad shape . It was dirty when we arrived , with hair in the sink and shower . The shower was in really bad shape . The shower head adjustment did not work properly and water pressure was very low . The water temperature did not get warm during the first morning of our visit . The decor throughout the hotel ( lobby , hallways and rooms ) was very out-of-date and old-fashioned . I would have liked there to have been a vending machine in the hotel as well . The business center with free Internet access was a nice feature that was easy to use . The hotel 's location was okay though it was a bit of a hike to the most popular tourist destinations . I would not stay at this hotel again based on its current conditions , but if it underwent some renovations to update the rooms and the bathrooms , I might be inclined to stay there again . ... read more
The air-condition has a noisy fan/compressor in each room . It starts every 3 to 5 min and the noise will wake you up . At least the first night . This is an old fashion system that needs to be replaced . The postal service at the hotel is non-working . The hotel messed up our concert tickets that was correctly addressed and transported by UPS . The tickets were at the Hotel General Managers office . The reception denied that they had arrived . We had to spend most of a day travelling to the ticket agent to resolve it . The Hotel did not find any reason to apologize for the inconvenience . The concert was the reason for our travel to Chicago . Else , the Hotel had good standard , free internet in the lobby , not to good view from the rooms , and friendly staff at the restaurants and the bars . We had booked 20 room-nights all together staying at room 612 , 425 and 431 from the 23rd June .
Stayed here for 5 nights while visiting Chicago for the first time . The location is great , the hotel has been recently renovated and our room was very spacious with two bathrooms . The lobby is a great place to chill and have a drink . Did n't eat in the restaurant but there are a few good ones nearby and we were beside The Art Institute , Cultural Centre & Macys . Staff were friendly . Would recommend it as a base to tour the city .
We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December , we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us . We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there . We stayed in the Towers , in a room with two double beds and 2 baths . The room was not huge , but very comfortable . The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows , the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls , comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks . There is a continental breakfast in the morning , appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes . There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks , water and juice that are yours for the taking . We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers , everyone should check it out !
It is always interesting going to a high quality Hotel . I can not help but think about the service and the value . Maybe I have too high expectations . Certaintly the location is great and the swimming pool is really nice and the room was generally well appointed oh and the bed was great . But , the room was not well cleaned , a little smelly truthfully and they stole a watch that I left in the room . The hotel where immediately worried about there financial situation and not the service . I noticed here others on this site have lost stuff from this hotel . I know that this is always a possibility but really did not expect it at a hotel like this . Overall , Chicago exceeded my expectations but the intercontinental did not . Stay else where .
My husband and I had a wonderful stay at the Omni Chicago Hotel . I had contacted the customer service representative prior to our stay to request a quiet suite . When we arrived , she greeted us and confirmed that we were getting exactly what I had requested -- and more . Our suite had a partial view of the lake ! ! ! And , we were able to check in early . The service at this hotel is incredible . Everyone made us feel welcome and took care to respond to any question or request that we had . The suite was very quiet even though we were on the east side of the hotel , very near to Michigan Avenue . Housekeeping was prompt and thorough . We really could n't have asked for a better hotel . We will definitely stay there on future trips to Chicago and will recommend this hotel to anyone who travels there .
We travel to Chicago regularly and have always wanted to stay at the Hilton Chicago . We booked a PriceLine room on the weekend of the half marathon . The place was busy , but the staff certainly found time for each individual guest . The room was nice and just what we expected . The pool area is also very nice for a downtown hotel . The location was great as we were taking in the Bears 49ers game on a Thursday night and a Sox game on a Friiday night . We would certainly stay there again and would recomment it to others . Great quality even at the regular room price .
After Leaving some important documents in the room , I called and asked for the lost and found department ... SEVEN TIMES over the course of a week . Eventually I had enough and asked for a manager and was put on hold then disconnected . Finally , a deceivingly friendly operator PROMISED me she would have someone call me back in a few minutes , It never happened . So Avoid this place because after they rip you off once they 'll keep doing it later . They can not be trusted at their word
We needed an extra night in Chicago after a gratus stay at The Penninsula and won a SkyAuction bid for The James @ $ 203 . This is one of the nicest hotels that I 've ever stayed in . Bathroom aside , we felt it equalled The Penninsula in comfort and level of service . I echo all of the superlatives previously written and would love to stay here anytime I 'm in town .
We stayed at Hotel Monaco and upgraded to a suite . I was disappointed with the room layout , and shabby furniture . I bumped into the coffee table and the top almost crashed to the ground . The make up mirror in the bathroom didnt work , the TV reception was very poor and overall the room just wasnt worth the $ 450 we spent there . Next time , we will go back to Trump Tower across the street , which is far superior to Hotel Monaco .
This hotel is a shambles-furniture literally falling apart and a staff that is both rude and uninformed , nevermind the lack of security and the absence of the so-called amenities . The `` fitness center '' is an oversized closet ! We were appalled during our stay ! Truly anticipated `` warm , Irish hospitality '' and short of a barman , no one was Irish , warm or hospitable ! Manager was unresponsive to our needs and front desk attendent was incredibly rude when we made a simple request . Her manager ( ? ) refused to come out of the office when she called to ask them to speak with us . Room was pretty at first glance but when dresser drawers fell out and the major construction of the hospital next door began at 7:30am it is not the kind of experience anyone could tolerate . To call this a Red Roof Inn would be an insult to RRI ! The manager that finally called us back was soooo fake and insincere that we would have prefered no call at all . The only thing they have going for them is the location but its not worth the trade-off .
Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Talbott . This was our first visit there , and I can honestly say that I would n't stay at any other hotel in Chicago . From when we first were greated by the bell captain until our final departure , the staff was nothing less than amazing , always greeting with a smile and can I help you attitute . The room we had ( 1508 ) was very spacious and comfortable . The bed was probably the most comfortable that my wife and I have ever slept in ( including the Four Seasons ) . Had great breakfasts and drinks at Basil 's . You would be missing a fantastic experience , if you did n't stay at the Talbott .
When you 're standing in a craptastic excuse for a shower buttnaked and cold with soap in your hair because the water from the shower head has gone from a weak spray to a dribble to nothing coming out at all , nothing in the world will ever convince you to stay here again . The worst part is that the hotel knows this is a problem ( they told me that it happens to the upper floors , and I was n't even staying on the highest floor ! ) as if that makes it ok . I can look past the `` rustic '' decor of the room and take it for what it is - an inexpensive place to crash , but c'mon , a girl 's got ta shower .
Have stayed at this hotel on several occasions and have never failed to be anything but delighted . Great Bar ( draught Stella and Guinness ) which was being upgraded at the end of March when I was last there , good food , lovely staff , large clean rooms , comfortable beds , spot on location for the Golden Mile , Joey 's Pizzas next door are fantastic . Ignore any bad reviews you read about this hotel as the authors must either have been very unlucky or impossible to please . Highly recommended
I have been 4 times in Chicago , and I have stayed in 4 different Hotels : This has been for much the very best option . The lobby , the warm of the receptionist , the room , the hotel is very good . It is walking distance to the Magnificent Mile and there 's no chance for you to get lost from this hotel . If you like to travel with style this could be a very good option .
Booked a room online and got a great rate under $ 200 which is very cheap for a summer hotel room in Chicago in this nice location , 3 blocks I think from the water . Even though our rate was so cheap , the service was wonderful , the front desk were polite & cheerful , the doormen and valet were great and helpful , and they even put a fridge in our room when we requested on , free of charge ! The fitness room was clean , large and provided fruit and clean towels , and it had the greatest view of the city as it was on the top floor of the hotel . Location of hotel is safe , and such a beautiful area . Check the rates directly online of the hotel 's website , as it was the least expensive . We will stay here again for sure .
Just returned from a week in Chicago with the family . This hotel was perfect for us . Location is great , kids loved the pool as a place to wind down after a day of museums , touring , ball games , etc . We checked in through Hilton Honors Desk as opposed to the regular check in line . Even though our reservations were through priceline at a reduced rate , they gave us a pick of the the rooms . The room had a large closet which helped with the amount of gear we had with us . Used valet parking which was hasselfree . We had a great experience and would stay there again .
The hotel is very impressive upon entering and the staff was very friendly , however we felt our room was very dated and worn looking . Our air conditioning did n't seem to be working well , but we turned it down and thought that it would eventually ... cool off . Our first night was interrupted by a phone call at one A.M. That was a fax , it happened 4 times . By this time we realized that the air was not working again , so after fussing with the controls it did kick on . The next morning I mentioned to the concierge the issues with the phone , but did n't think to mention the issues with the air because it appeared to be working . After being out seeing the sites of Chicago for several hours and being very hot we were looking forward to resting in a cool room before going to a show . Our room was 78 degrees , I called and maintenience did come to check . After determining that the unit needed a motor it was another hour so we did not get to rest in a cool room before going out . I feel an offer should have been made to us by the hotel . Also was very surprised that WiFi was not a free service ! ! We will not be staying at the Hilton on our next trip to Chicago .
My husband and I stayed at the Sheraton Chicago Hotel & Towers in February . Everything about the hotel and experience was superb . The location was wonderful as well . Our room overlooked the river and we had a great view of the lake towards Navy Pier . The best part of the stay was the `` sweet sleeper '' bed . It was so comfortable . The staff was friendly and helpful as well . Nothing bad to say about this Sheraton ! I will stay here again !
Recently returned from a two-night stay at Ambassador East Hotel . Was looking for a comfortable hotel to stay at while visiting family now located in Chicago . Mission was accomplished . If you would like a quiet , comfortable hotel in a great area - this is it . While some of the furnishings show some signs of their age , it does not detract from the elegant style of the rooms and adds to the comfortable and home-like feeling . Found staff to be friendly and helpful . We will be return guests many times in the future for sure .
Our check-in was great , but then we got into our room . The carpet was drenched and stained near the bathroom because the shower ( open concept ) leaks water onto the floor since there are no doors on it . The mini bar was broken and put an extremely foul scent into the room . Our final hotel bill reflected 2 charges that were incorrect ... .1 for the mini bar which we did not utilize , and the second was an up charge for a bottle of wine ( $ 69 instead of $ 50 ) . When my husband went to the front desk to have it corrected , he was met with a very unfriendly and unapologetic employee . It was adjusted , but not without confrontation . There was another guest checking out when my husband was at the front desk who had the same `` mysterious '' mini bar charge on her bill as well , and was trying to have it corrected . Overall , the location of the Hard Rock was nice but it will be the last time that we stay in one ,
We ate at the Prime House restaurant last year , that is why we picked the hotel . Last year the food and service at the Prime House was outstanding . This year the service felt rushed . The waitress even asked why we were eating so early . It was 6:30pm . Our room in the hotel felt cramped . The beds were comfortable . The bathroom had maintenance problems . The maid service and turndown out night was good . All of the staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful . I just was not impressed by the quality of the hotel itself for what we were paying .
Staying at this hotel was one of the high points of a last minute , budget Valentines weekend trip for my husband and me . We got a great rate -- $ 70 -- on Priceline . Close to the subway ( red line ) and we got from O'Hare to the hotel in less than an hour for $ 3.50 for both of us . We were able to check in more than 4 hours early . Room was great -- very clean , good closet space and fantastic bedding . Had one expensive drink at the Irish bar , but the bartender 's advice on restaurants and clubs to check out made it worth the price . Concierge was helpful , too . Overall , service was terrific , room was great and staying there was a treat . I would stay there again any time , especially at that price .
We booked our room on Priceline , and got a good deal at around $ 100 per night . We stayed for the first 2 nights of our US trip so didnt use too many of the hotel 's facilities The hotel is centrally located , just over the Chicago River from the shops at North Michigan Avenue , and around a mile from Navy Pier Our room was clean and comfortable , and on the 29th floor we had a good view of the city , and could just about see Lake Michigan ( though the weather was very bad ) . The layout of the room is a little peculiar , with the bed facing away from the window , but over all we have no complaints about this hotel , and unlike some other reviews we were not disturbed at all by noise from other guests So , pros and cons : Pros : Helpful and friendly staff Clean and comfortable throughout Spacious rooms Large and airy public areas Starbucks and gift shop in lobby Cons A large hotel , so a long walk from the elevators to the front desk / lobby area
My two girlfriends and I arrived at the hotel , and found the hard rock had lost our reservation . I had just called three days before and had confirmed the reservation over the phone . The rude woman at the front desk treated us like we were lying . It was n't until I started to cause a scene in front of the line of people checking in that she finally decided that she would research the issue . Ten minuets later she found our reservation . Our room was n't ready , we were told that it would be ready at noon ; we came back at 3 and were told it was still dirty ! Room was very small . The bathroom shower , sink and floor were filthy . Room service trays sit in the hallways all day . The next morning we called down to get towels , they were never brought to the room , we had to drip dry . The only positive experience at the hotel was the concierge Christopher . He knew everything about the city and sent us to the perfect nightclub .
Great building and location , but ... staff is indifferent , you have to pay for WiFi ( after $ 300 usd/night I would expect at least free WiFi ) , no pool in the building and something I found really annoying is that , if you move anything from the minibar , they have sensors that automatically charge you . This is ridicoulus.The iPod dock in the room did n't work . Also , we had to move thenightstand between beds and found dirt all over . Definitely is not value for your money . You 're just paying for the Hard Rock brand . I will never go back to a Hard Rock Hotel .
We booked our stay through Priceline.com and got a great deal . We were only staying one night and we had our 2 year old with us . At check-in , we were upgraded to a suite with a lake view of Lake Michigan . It was beautiful . The suite had a king bed with a living room and a bar and mini-fridge which we did n't need , but if we were staying longer , it would have been a godsend . This hotel is in close proximity with Grant Park which has the beautiful Buckingham Fountain . We walked around the park and even saw a movie being filmed ... .but if you are looking for a hotel with a lot of restaurants around it , this is n't the one . We ended up eating at the Irish Pub inside the hotel ( Kitty O'Shea 's ) which has great food . ( We have stayed here before and always end up eating here . ) There are a lot of attractions within a mile including the Field Museum , Shedd Aquarium , Soldier Field , and Navy Pier . They may not be walking distance but we could see them from our hotel window . Overall , we had another wonderful stay at the Chicago Hilton . ( Our 4th stay ) The only downside is the expensive parking within the hotel ... ..41 dollars a night is kind of ridiculous .
I already wrote a review about all the free stuff you get but now I 'm going to write about the location ! I like to walk . This place was close to EVERYTHING ! ! ! ! The 'Taste of Chicago ' was on during the 4th of July . Let me tell you , this was the best 'taste ' of a city that I have ever been to . It was massive and took 10 mins to walk there . I took the train in from the airport ( it was around $ 2.00 but it was a solid 45 mins but for $ 2.00 , how can you complain ? ) and it was approx a 10 walk to the hotel . We pretty much walked everywhere . We walked the entire magnificent mile strip . We went to the Blue Navy or whatever the docks are called . My favourite bar was 'Pops for Champagne . ' Wow . I love champagne . And then of course there was the John Hancock Centre . And lots of shopping !
This hotel was very beautiful . I went with a group of 4 friends and we had a blast . It was very centrally located and was close to all sorts of transportation . The Continental breakfast was magnificent ! I did n't see much of the staff but all of the men at the front door were extremely helpful .
After staying at the Sheraton Royal Orchid Hotel in Bangkok , I was expecting a similar experience at the Chicago Sheraton . I had a wonderful stay at this property seven years ago and was looking forward to a repeat experience . Unfortunately , my expectations were not met . For the past 3 years I stayed at the Palmer House in the Loop , but thought I 'd try a more modern hotel . PROS - location by the Chicago River , two blocks from Michigan Avenue - restful lobby with river view and free wifi provides a pleasant work environment - buffet breakfast offering custom omelettes , crepes and french toast CONS - check-in assigned me to a city view room when I had prepaid for a river view room - river view was good , but the windows to see it were filthy - dirty towel used by the previous guest was still hanging on the back of the bathroom door - bathroom was unimpressive : bathtub-shower combination ; worn plumbing fixtures ; only 2 sets of towels provided - guest room was small : only one soft chair provided - guest room doors slammed noisily throughout the floor hallway - 7 to 8 block walk to nearest L-station - concierge could n't explain how to get to the Mercury Theatre , nor print a map of the area - guest services told me to go out of the hotel one block to get Starbucks coffee when it was available downstairs on the Link Cafe - no complimentary newspaper delivered to the room - no final billing folio delivered to the room on the night before check-out - not all computers were operational at the Link Cafe where boarding passes can be printed
We did n't stay in the hotel a lot because we went for the sites not the room . Saying that , we picked this hotel because it was the cheapest but the hotel not having any parking we spent money on parking our car than what we could have spent on a better more expensive hotel with parking . Hotel is great for guys getaway weekend that wo n't have a car . Not a family frienly hotel . Dining tip : Long walk from hotel Gino 's pizza is a must have ! ! Worth the walk . Many things in between hotel and Gino 's to do so you can break up the walk .
The Affinia is virtually the perfect hotel for a visit to Chicago . My wife and I stayed in an upgraded suite . Very large room , that is modern and has all the little touches . The staff was extremely helpful and professional . The location is excellent . The price is a good value for what you get . We simply could n't find anything to criticize . Highly recommended !
My wife and I had to stay downtown for event that we were attending at the Drake Hotel . I have stayed at the Drake before and while it is nice , it is bit stuffy and a little outdated for the price . We opted to walk across the street and stay at the Millenium instead . I know this property has under gone many renovations in past year and I have to say they have done a great job . This place used to be the hotel you would crash in when you came to Chicago on a college roadtrip ( I did ) . But that is not the case any more . This property is directly across from the Drake Hotel and for 1/2 the price you get their great location with a newer ( albeit smaller ) room and every ammenity you would expect from a 4* hotel . The rooms are tastefully decorated ( Asian influence w/flat screen tv ) and the bed is very comfortable . The bath is small ( no tub ) , but very clean and the shower is great . You are not going to be spending a bunch of time in your room when visting Chicago , so the room 's size is not a big deal . ( It works well with a couple , but a family of four may be a bit cramped . ) The service was attentive and friendly and the location ca n't be beat . I would definitely stay here again , but the next time I would leave the car at home ( $ 49/night parking is a bit steep ) .
Elegant lobby , comfy beds , nice sheets but , we were given a ( not fancy , a little dated ) room on the 5th floor which had a view of the monstrous venting structure , and was located off the lobby so we heard the elevator all night . At the Hilton , one is charged for Internet access on each device per hour . ( We stayed in the middle of Ohio and received total access for free . ) We did n't drink the $ 6.00 water or try the $ 28 . Breakfast buffet . The staff was friendly , but of course you tip for a smile . They did give us a cot for free as we had asked for a room with a fold-out couch as we were a party of 5 . Did n't use the gym or pool on the 8th floor , but looked nice ( small pool . ) No view of the water possible , though we were right at Grant Park . We tried to view the fireworks from a higher story , no such luck . ... read more
I was expecting an experience comparable to my stays at the Olympia in Seattle . The decor and overall feel of the hotel was much above average but not inspiring . Biggest disappointment was the inadequate internet connection in the room . The wireless was very slow and the hard-wire from the wall did not work at all . I did request a replacement of the wall wire , but it did no help . This hotel can do better than this . With a 5 star rating , it should be an experience to be pleasantly remembered -- but , was just a mediocre experience for me . Even the bed covers were not that special . Needs more intense management . Next time , I will try the Trump facility Thanks
We were checked into a room with empty beer bottles , dirty underwear in the closet and unclean bathroom . There was no manager available for an hour to take any complaints . We missed our show because of the extra time it took in moving into another room etc . Finally when I got to talk to the manager and complained about beer bottles especially when I had a child and a teenager with me she offered to send me wine and cheese to make up for the inconvenience ! ! ! Staff was somewhat reluctant to take request of extra blankets at night . They kept telling me to look into the closet for extra blankets . I asked for two blanket , but they delivered one . I had to keep calling to get settled . I saw a comment form from the prior guest in our room on the study desk , who had taken the trouble of filling it out , but no one collected it or cared for it . ht . Noisy rooms . Can hear the doors all night . Thebreakfast items kept running out and had to make calls to get them replenished . I will not recommend this hotel to any one even at discounted rates ! !
My Husband and I did not enjoy stay at Hotel Allegro ! The room was so small . The bathroom was ridiculously stupid , everytime you use the sink you would splash water on yourself . Truly one person at time in the bathroom , it was like being in an airplane 's bathroom . The walls are so thin , we heard the people across hall having sex . The some staff were really rude . I did not appreciate it when we had a sign on the door saying do not disturb the day of our check out . Check out time is 11am or 12 and we got a know on the door at 8AM with the sign stating `` do not disturb. `` The hotel did not have any microwaves in their rooms , no mini fridge , and no coffee maker either . NO DRAWERS to put your clothes in and the closet was very very very tiny . We were there for four days and three nights , so we had three suit cases full of clothes and no places to store them at . I also hated the fact that we had to pay almost fifty to park our car . My Husand and I will never stay at Hotel Allegro again ! ! !
Location , location , location . What a great find ! Excellent , well-run , small boutique-type hotel on a tree-lined street near all the action without being in the oppressive crunch of it . Rooms are good-sized and clean ; good bed and shower with tub . The air conditioner , as mentioned in other reviews , is noisy , but it 's a minor complaint . The staff is simply wonderful and attentive from housecleaning to concierge . The on site restaurant is great . The red-line El is about 3-4 blocks away which makes getting around the city a breeze . You are footsteps away from Rush Street and North Michigan Avenue and Lake Michigan . I would not have a moment 's hesitation booking at this hotel again in the future ; in fact , I would n't book anywhere else .
I had my wedding ceremony and reception at the Sofitel . It seems as though I had the same experience as `` Judy L. '' I read her review and thought `` that 's exactly what happened to me ! '' Here 's what happened : The good news : The actual event was great . Most notably , the food was absolutely incredible ; I think almost every one of our guests has raved to us about the food . The same goes for the cake , which was made by Take the Cake . The service by the waiters and other staff was also very good . The bad news : Michelle , the Director of Catering , honestly made my wedding planning process a nightmare . While we were negotiating the contract , she promptly responded to my emails and phone calls ; after the contract was signed , it was a constant struggle to get in touch with her to get my questions answered , to schedule the tasting , etc . She frequently took over a week to respond to a simple email , and she occasionally never returned my email or phone call until I called her a second or third time . I assumed things would get better within the month -- or even the week -- prior to my wedding , but they actually got even worse . Michelle just could not get it together , and if it were n't for my wedding coordinator 's assistance in forcing her to finally get things right , I do n't know what would have happened . Thus , if it were n't for Michelle 's inability to do her job , I would have had a great experience . But , as it is , when I think back about my experience with the Sofitel , I unfortunately have very negative thoughts . And that 's incredibly disappointing , considering it was a major part of the best night of my life .
has gone downhill so much we almost checked out . We stayed in the Dean Martin Celebrity Suite for 3 nights while entertaining customers in Chicago . We 've stayed there for many years and while not up to date like the Four Seasons or the Peninsula , it has always been a comfortable and clean , service oriented hotel . Not only has room service been eliminated ( if you want room service it comes from Marios Italian restaurant down the street , so is ONLY Italian ) , complimentary morning coffee is no longer available , mini bars have been removed from the rooms , etc . etc . The only restaurant , the Pump Room was closed for a private function on Saturday night , the bar also , so we were n't even able to have an after dinner drink with our guests . Surely the function was planned before we made our reservations , but we were n't told of it . We also learned that the bell staff ( who have been there for 13 and 8 years ) is being eliminated . So , in other words , anyting to do with `` service '' is gone from this hotel . I hear they are going to begin renovations in December , but that is no excuse to let an old glory `` go to pot '' in the meantime . We wo n't be staying here when we go back in July or for Thanksgiving . We even had to pay for internet . Mind you , our bill for 3 nights was 900.00+ , no room service , no restaurant/bar charges . Highway robbery for what you get ow at the Ambassador East . Sad .
I have n't actually stayed at this hotel- yet- but am already disappointed in their customer service . I visit Chicago quite often and usually stay at the InterContinental , but yesterday I read some online articles advertising The James Hotel 's `` Cyber Monday Special '' . The promo states that if you buy a gift certificate from their website , the hotel will match that amount in `` James Credits '' that can be used toward your stay . None of the articles gave an expiration date for these credits . My next trip to Chicago is in April , so I thought I 'd give The James a try . I travel frequently with my pet and I 've heard they have a very liberal pet-policy . So today I went online and bought a $ 500 certificate . Me , having the one track mind that I do , somehow missed the part about the credits expiring March 31 , 2010 . I realized my mistake immediately and called the hotel front desk to explain my predicament . I said I could n't be in Chicago until April ( I 'm overseas on business until then ) , and asked if they could extend my credits an extra month , or it not , refund my gift certificate purchase . I had only just made the purchase minutes before and had n't even recieved my email confirmation yet . Most businesses offer a 24 hr grace period . The girl at the front dest was extremely rude to me- basically saying `` too bad , it 's your problem now '' . She did n't even bother to act polite or pretend to be sympathetic about my situation at all . So now that I know this is the kind of service I can expect from The James , I might just call it a wash and stay at my usual hotel , or try Hotel Monaco . I hear they have great service and are good with pets too .
THE ROOM I booked a room here and was told I 'd be getting a king bed . When I check in , they say they only have a queen bed room available . I protested to no avail . When I got to the room , it was really only a full size bed . So I went from from a king bed at home to a full size bed in a tiny broom closet of a room in Chicago . For the pleasure , I paid the same price as a normal king bed room . The full size bed we had was also extremely uncomfortable . I think it was lop sided because they never rotate the mattresses . We would wake up with body aches and headaches . My wife even said she lost feeling in her arms some nights . Not good . Also , the internet in the room is hard to set-up , slow to use , and inconsistent . I generally had to restart my computer at least once to get the internet to work . The internet worked one day on my iPhone and then would not log me in . It 's not really worth it . ROOM SERVICE Room service was very inconsistent and nonsensical . Some mornings they would take our towels ( even the ones we hung up to use again ) and not replace them , other times they would replace some towels and not others . They would also come at vastly different times . HOTEL SERVICE This hotel LOVES to nickel and dime . I asked for a fridge in the room and they told me it 'd be $ 25 . No other hotel I 've ever stayed in ( regardless of how many stars it had ) has ever charged me for a fridge in the room . Late checkout ? charge . Shuttle from the airport ? - nonexistent . The front deck `` gold passport '' people ca n't even figure out how to get you points . In the end I will have to call corporate and get my points for my stay ( not that i plan on staying at a Hyatt property again ) . By the way , apparently the hotel is still undergoing changes because my mini-bar was missing . I was thinking of using it as a fridge instead of paying $ 25 . THE HOTEL The hotel has some cool bars and a beautiful lobby area in the east tower . The west tower has some underground amenities no one uses . The bars are extremely expensive , but the drinks are tasty . The food is edible too , but I would n't brag about it . The hotel is not directly on the main street ( Michigan ) , but it 's not too far from it . It 's right next to the boat tours and , in some rooms , has a view of the Navy Pier . Our room faced another hotel , but we could see a sliver of the pier . The hotel is walking distance from Millennium Park . It 's a bit of a walk to any of the L stations though . If you want a wonderful breakfast place , go to Wildberry on Randolph st . It 'll have you waiting to eat for a long time , but it 's yummy ! CONCLUSION I get better rooms , better beds , better service , and better amenities at a Holiday Inn Express or a Best Western . Save the money and stay elsewhere .
We stayed in the Conrad for 4 nights just before Thanksgiving . We had a corner room overlooking N Michigan Av and the Tribune Building . To say this is a 5 star hotel is to damn this place with faint praise - it is wonderful . The staff were unbelievably helpful . The standard of the room was superb - HD plasma screens , luxury bedlinens , iPod radio , huge bathroom . Location is unbeatable - right in the heart of everything - watched the whole Light Festival parade from the window . Breakfasts were excellent - no help yourself buffet here - with full and attentive table service . Would have no hesitation recommending or staying again in this hotel - 5 out of 5 .
Just putting in a good word for the Hard Rock Hotel in Chicago . The reviews I read before going were mixed so we were not sure what to expect . The location was perfect . The hotel was beautiful . Our view was awesome . The room was large enough and very clean . The bed was very comfy . The staff were helpful - especially the concierge , Jared . I could n't find anything negative to say . If you want to stay in downtown Chicago - you ca n't go wrong with this cool hotel .
The room looked like a country club prison cell . Flat paint on all walls , doors , trims , not especially clean . A platform bed and a long shelf/desk with an iron chair . No amenities , no homey touches , nothing on the walls . No room service , no gym , no concierge . The air conditioner clunked off and on all night . On the plus side , the bedding was nice and there was a large screen TV . Do n't waste your money .
Stayed for a week last month . Ca n't beat the location - close to the Magnificent Mile , Attractions , Tours , Great Restaurants & Night Life . Have spent a lot of nights in other Homewood suites hotels and other suite hotels . Thought the room was ok , not great . Overpriced in my opinion . Found staff to be uninterested and not very helpful . Had to wait in the lobby on the 6th floor for room to be ready and the front desk staff could care less . Watched during the week as other guests were made to wait as well . Breakfast was the same stuff day after day . As the week went on , they actually started to run out of the more popular food items and these were not replenished ( weekly delivery I guess ) . Also , the room was was so busy that the staff made people wait for a table and treated you as you were waiting for a 5 star restaurant . Travel for work ( sales ) and frequently stay in hotels . Travel with family every year and also stay in hotels . This is roughing it for me ... not a camper . Would come to Chicago again , but would not stay here . There are too many other options worth investigating .
We loved our stay at the Talbott . We were in Chicago to attend the theater show Dirty Dancing . We booked our room through Orbitz and received a nice discount . When we arrived at the hotel everyone from the doorman to the front desk to the maids were highly professional and courtesy . We were upgraded to a King bed suite . The suite was well decorated and spacious . My wife particularily enjoyed the heat that could be directed at the marble floor in the bathroom . We loved the hotel and will definitely stay at the Talbott on our next trip to Chicago . Highly recommended .
When making my reservation , I made it for one of the most busiest weekends during the summer Memorial Day . The staff was able to get my family in at an affordable rate . The suites are very spacious , clean , cozy , and comfortable . Upon on arriving staff were friendly , willing to exceed expectations , and serve me with enthusiasm . The Hot Breakfast was delicious each morning . The beds are very comfortable and provided a good nights rest . I would recommend this hotel to my friends and anyone who need additional space when traveling and on a budget compared to other Chicago hotels .
I stayed here for about a week during a conference and the service was excellent . In addition to the excellent service the location was great . With quick access to Michigan Ave.. The bars and Shula 's restaurant were excellent . You must have the rib-eye steak ... very well done .
My wife and I just spent 3 nights at The Talbott . The room was spacious , comfortable and well-appointed . The hotel is quiet although there is some construction nearby . Linens and towels first-class . Free Wi-Fi in the room . The location is terrific , just one block to Michigan Avenue . We will stay here on future visits .
This was a refreshing change from the ordinary . I loved the location , the service and the amenities offered by this hotel . The room was charming with a window seat and a water view . The decor was unique but cheerful . Free wireless internet services were a plus here . The staff was helpful and attentive . We loved having goldfish share our room ! I would definitely stay here again .
I try to stay at the James every time I happen to be in Chicago . There are other good choices in town , but nobody has what the James offers : superior service - aka class meets efficiency - , metropolitan design and comfort with an attention to details I found only at the W in Seoul , and what always plays a role meaning a convenient location ... Then they get to you with small unexpected touches that make the difference ie : I was about to take off and drive North , it was a hot July day ... one of the staff members handed me a bottle of water . A small gesture . Unexpected and appreciated . The management AND the staff understand what we expect and more importantly , what we need . AND they consistenly execute against that .
I was very disappointed with the hotel this time . They seem to be coming down in quality quite a bit . The clientele also seem to be of a lower quality . The lobby was quite a rambunctious scene with no one on staff seeming to notice . The house keeper only did the bare minimum in the room each day and did not replace the used toiletries or the coffee ; she also left the dirty coffee cups in the room . I think I will have to stay with the InterContinental next time .
We just returned from our first trip to Chicago and stayed at the Omni . I read many reviews on trip advisor and picked the Omni based on its wonderful reviews and they were right on . The location , staff , rooms , amenities , etc were all wonderful . Huge thank you to TA members who suggested signing up for the preferred member program . We did that before we left and received complimentary beverages in the morning and newspapers among other perks . I loved being woken up to fresh orange juice and the Chicago Tribune newspaper . We were in room 816 which was perfect . Corner suite with two out of the 3 sides of the rooms being windows with a great view . The room was huge with a gorgeous king bed and great living area with plasma TV . The bathroom amenities were wonderful . I loved soaking in the tub with the mineral salts that were provided . The turn down service was great as well . We would come back to our room with relaxing music playing and our bed ready for us . We ate at their restaurant twice and the breakfast buffet was delicious . The blueberry muffins were the best I have ever had . Everything was so fresh and prepared perfectly . The staff at the Omni is so accomodating . Everyone is always smiling and asking you how your stay is . Have to thank the concierge Melissa and Curtis . They were both so helpful with great dining suggestions and maps for everything we wanted to do . I also used the gym during my stay and it was great . All the machines were top notch and each treadmill has a lcd TV attached . And the gym itself had two plasmas . They also had cold lemon water for you after your workout . I am a stickler for cleanliness and it was sparkling every morning . It really was a fantastic stay at the Omni and we would never stay anywhere else . I also wanted to mention we never heard any construction while we were there . Everything was quiet and we both slept wonderfully on the big comfy bed . Thank you Trip Advisor for another great trip suggestion !
Very Very noisy - Constant water running through pipes . It was terrible ! ! There are much better hotels to stay at in Chicago . Thier parking rate is obnoxious ( $ 42.00 a night ) and way too far out to walk to much . If you must stay here , try to park for free on dead end street ( feed meter on weekdays ) and take the stairs down to the next street level and you will find a Jewel grocery store for sodas/snacks . ( A can of soda at the hotel was $ 4.50 plus 18 % restocking fee ! ! )
I stayed here with a dozen of my friends , and more than half of us got eaten alive by bed bugs ! We stayed there from September 28 - September 30th , but the symptoms ( i.e . the crazy itchiness ) did n't come until Sunday night when we all got home . I complained to the hotel and basically all they 're gon na do is cover the cost of our dry cleaning bills . Honestly , they should reimburse us , because it was not worth it at all . DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL ! ! !
My wife and I just spent the Labor Day weekend in the city , choosing the Hard Rock Hotel as our pad . We 've stayed at the HRH in Orlando twice and are blown away by the ambience there . It 's not that way here . These may be all ticky tacky things , but they added up to us . First of all , the room . We upgraded our reservation thru the HRH website for a room with `` an Incredible view '' . Well , our 9th floor view was of nothing more than the venting on top of the building next to us . That was all we could see . So there was no view . The room was muggy . We had the air turned down all the way and it never got below 74 . We woke up sweaty both days . When we opened the window to get a breeze , the noise from the rooftop next to us was overbearing . The room was small and dark , but it did n't bother us that much . The bed may have been the mosr comfortable bed I ever slept in . And we even joked about stealing the pillows ! We had the same issue with the honor bar as a previous poster , but they removed the charges no prob . Throughout the entire hotel , I counted a total of 3 pieces of music memorabilia . I thought it was a pretty cheesy attempt to renovate an old hotel , throw a Styx guitar on the wall , and slap a HRH emblem on the outside . The hotel itself was very clean and did not look like a renovation . The location is good , right on the south end of the mag mile , but there are 10-15 better hotels in a better location to shopping , quality eats , and Navy Pier . If you have a car , parking will cost you $ 38/day , which is prob normal for downtown . The hotel restaurant was a Chinese restaurant . The bar was small and trendy , and I guess the kicker to it all was that my wife tried to order a Pina Colada and they told us they did n't have a blender . WHAAT ? ? ? ? A HRH without a blender ? Did they not know that Jimmy Buffet was in town ? ? ? ? Mind blowing ! I would never , never , never go back here . Like I said , there are many better hotels in much better locations . I will stay at the HRH in Orlando or elsewhere again .
Ok , I just feel if you 're paying well over $ 200 for a room you should get something to show for it . The location was on Michigan Ave but if I pay just a little more I could have had way better ( Peninsula , Park Hyatt , shoot the Omni was 10x better ) . We ordered a deluxe executive suite , and it was so below sub par . The room was very small ( so small the ice bucket was in the closet ) , the bathroom was just as small , just well lit ( a plus ) . Wallpaper was peeling , outlets barely covered , no view . The only thing appealing was the bed , and that may have been because I was so tired . And we were really excited because this is the Palmer House . The Palmer House does have nice restaurants : the Lockwood ( quiet , distinguished ) and the Potter 's Lounge ( grown/sexy )
Not worth the price . We almost stayed at a hotel for $ 110 a night , but instead choose the Hard Rock for $ 180 ( a special ) . We were located on the `` newly renovated '' Beatles floor . The carpets in the hallways looked like they needed to be replaced . Upon entering our room we found some cool Beatles artwork along with a 3x4 foot Marilyn Manson portrait . I think they were halfway done re theming the room . At checkout they tried to charge us $ 11 for using the mini-bar which we did n't even open . They removed the charge right away but I wonder if they try to get unsuspecting people with that charge . Nothing special here . If you want to pay a bunch extra for some light theming then this is the place for you .
I made reservations with the Chicago Fitzpatrick using their 800 number for two nights in June . I received no written confirmation with cancelation policy , etc . However , when I attempted to cancel my reservation the morning of my first night 's reservation , I was told that they would charge me for one nights stay . They have a `` 3pm THE DAY BEFORE your first nights stay '' policy . Even though the hotel was not sold out for the night they would not budge on the policy . This is not a common policy on Michigan Ave . I 'd advise making your reservations someplace that offers more flexiblity for emergencies or sends a written confirmation with policy . It was a very expensive mistake on my part to book with this hotel !
I can easily say this is one of the worst hotels I 've stayed at the . The receptionist up front was a snooty , sarcastic teenager or post teenager . You can get better service from a waiter or waitress at a diner . The room was dirty , stains on the carpet , the showerhead was moldy and rusted , the doors of the bathroom and main door all had dents and scratches . The towels had a horrible aroma . The hotel is very narrow , so we were near a construction zone so , I would plan on waking up at 6 : am if you choose the Talbott . The next day , I asked for another room and the concierge who was a decent guy moved us to a larger more comfortable room . That room though was right by the elevator and it was torture hearing the sounds of the elevator which just would never stop . I asked for late checkout at 1pm and the receptionist refused stating that we would be charged for a half day , if were not out by noon . I had to speak to the manager who gave us till 1pm . Please stay away from this hotel , I think a Holiday Inn would be better . Andrew F. Gulli
My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 5 days in October , 2007 . I can not begain to tell you how great this place is . The service was impecable and the room was fantastic . Huge window seat to look over Chicago . It was great . The wine reception in the evening was a special treat as was the morning coffee service in the lobby . This was our first trip to Chicago and I hope not our last . I will definately stay at Hotel Monaco again when we return . We booked our room through a safety convention web site .
The lobby of the Homewood is right down the hall from the kitchen and dining room ( actually more of a grade school cafeteria type set up ) . The odors from the kitchen were disgusting , and indeed reminded my of that of a institutional kitchen ( I.e . hospital ) . The free breakfast and free dinner were not at all palatable . I suppose that if you are traveling with a young family as many guests were , that makes this hotel a good value . But i would not stay here again .
Very centrally located in the Loop directly south of the 7th Day Adventist Church ( my room looked down upon Wacker Drive , the aforementioned church and the Chicago River . Small room , virtually no storage space . Attended a conference with the Monaco as venue . They provided adequate service , with no problems . This was the first time I spent with a Kimpton Hotel and I registered for their Frequent Stay program . I never felt comfortable in this hotel . I 'm 60 yrs old and it appears the clientele they target is half my age . Rude front deskperson of unidentifiable gender . The young people can have at it . I 'll stay at the Marriott Michigan Ave next time .
We arrived at 10:30 am on a Friday , and they had a room ready for us by 11:30 am , mind you check in is not until 3:00pm . We got our room on Priceline for $ 65.00 per night and stayed 3 nights . We were upgraded - for free - to a suite . I think I was so blown away by that , that I forgot to thank them at check-in ! Our room was fantastic . It also had a wet bar and a fridge . The bathroom was quite large and had a nice sized closet with many hangers . I knew from previous reviews to not touch the mini-bar . The bed and pillows were very comfortable . The room was very clean . Every employee there went out of their way to be friendly and helpful . We stayed on the 25th floor of the east tower and had a quiet room . Yes , you could hear people in the hallways , but only because they were rude and were yelling . These were not children , they were adults . I do n't know why everyone complains about $ 48 for parking . This is Chicago and every other hotel we saw charged just as much , some without in/out privledges . We did n't use any of the restaurants or the health club . We tried to eat at the Corner Bakery but it was too crowded . Breakfast at nearby Houlihan 's had a buffet for $ 9.99 per person . Also the grocery store behind the hotel is great . There is a 7-11 not too far away . I do n't know why there are so many bad reviews on this hotel . Yes , it 's a big hotel . If you do n't want a busy lobby , do n't stay in a 2,000 plus room hotel ! ! I loved the Hotel and would recommend it to anyone . Not one problem . Was n't too busy for me . Would stay here again in a heartbeat .
Upon first entering the hotel , we were greeted by the most friendly and helpful bellmen I have ever encountered . Through our 2 week stay , they told us to `` have a nice day '' as we left in the AM and welcomed us back upon our return . Breakfast is served in the AM , and the servers were as delightful as the bellmen . It was a very enjoyable stay .
Hotel Monaco is in a really great location , only a block away from the Miracle mile and a couple of blocks from Millenium Park . Sears Tower is also well within walking distance and if you do n't mind walking you wo n't have a problem walking to Greek Town and Lincoln Park ( we did ) . The daily , complimentary , wine hour is a really nice touch that we unfortunately were only around once to try out . If you can , leave your car behind , you wo n't need it and the parking is quite pricey , which is not very surprising considering the location . Everything was clean , fresh and modern and the staff very helpful . The only bad thing was that the noise from the elevated train around `` the loop '' was quite loud and that our room happened to be next to the maid 's supply room so it was quite busy in the morning .
I stayed at the Fairmont for a few nights and found the whole experience excellent . I was given a very large room with great views of the city ; the breakfast was extremely good ; and the location was as central as I could have wished for . The pool was not large but felt luxurious and was great for early morning swims . In the evening I spent some time in the hotel bar with friends and that was excellent too . Highly recommended as a base for exploring Chicago .
We have just returned from 4 nights at the Conrad Chicago , everthing about the hotel was excellent . Wonderful room and service from all the staff was first class . Great view from our room . The hotels location is great , right in the centre of the magnificent mile . A wonderful stay in an amazing city was made perfect by our stay at the Conrad .
When you check into a hotel after being stuck in a airport , you areusually not in the best of mood . I , working in a upscale hotel , do encounter many guests checking in who this has happened to . All they want is a friendly face and a smooth check in . The desk clerk who checked me in at this property , did neither . She was short , rude , handed me my keys and walked away . I would never go back to this property due to this .
Before booking this hotel , I did read the reviews , and I was concerned . I ended up booking it based on my sisters recommendation . BIG MISTAKE ! ! The temperature in Chicago was a balmy 99 degrees , and the temp in the room that they gave us was about 85 degrees . When we called to complain at 11:00 am , they told us to turn the temp down to 40degrees . We went back at 7:30pm . it was still humid , the beds were moist & the room very stuffy . Called again , they sent somone to fix it , & he recommended getting a new room , because the room will not cool down . They told us they were booked , yet , after the maintenance man called , they suddenly had a room available , go figure ? So they move us to another room , guess what , it is 85 degrees . Again , they told us to turn it down to 40 , needless to say , it never cooled down & we should have just slept on the street . We travel a lot , and we stayed here one night , and it was awful ! ! . At check out , I had to re-tell our entire room issue , they actually ended up not charging us for the night , thank god they did not offer us anothers nights stay , because we would never go back . Also , the room decor is very old and stuffy . If your going to Chicago , do n't stay at the Millenium Knickerbocker ! !
Stayed in a Junior Suite which was beautiful and spacious . It had the largest flat screen tv I have ever seen in a hotel ( great excuse to catch up on some movies ) The breakfast buffet was great and was served in the hotels huge atrium which was nice . The service was top notch . Stayed in a lower floor in the East tower which was great as there was no waits for an elevator and they were always empty . The Shed aquarium was a complete waste of time and money but the Field musium was amazing . Chicago remains tied with London as my favourite city .
I recently stayed at this hotel with my family ( 10-1 / 10-3 ) . We had a terrific experience . I landed the hotel through Priceline for $ 80 per night and paid an additional $ 75 per night for a suite on the 41st floor . My two young boys loved it as the view was unbelieveable and the pool on the 42nd floor was easily accessible . I found all the employees that we interfaced with to be very friendly and accommodating . I would love to stay here again .
We absolutely loved the Knickerbocker . Now , if you expect your hotels to be cookie cutter comfortable , forget this place . If Holiday Inns are like the rows of housing developments in the suburbs , the Knickerbocker is like those beautiful old houses in the center of the city . The location is great , the hotel bar is cozy and classy , and the rooms feel like guest bedrooms in Victorian mansions . For the price , you simply ca n't do any better than this in downtown Chicago .
The bathroom toilet leaked water all over the bathroom every time it was flushed , so we called maintenance to have it fixed . We returned to our room only to discover the maintenance personnel had left a nasty mess in the bathroom and the toilet seat was covered in grease . There were dirty clothes all over the bathroom and they even used our guestroom towels to clean their hands and tools . We love Chicago but we are never staying at this hotel again .
Our stay at the Ambassador East Hotel was extremely relaxing and pleasant . We enjoyed the location . We could easily walk to the Red line or access the bus lines along Michigan Avenue . We felt safe walking along the neighborhood streets and viewing the fabulous architecture that is on N. State Street and Dearborn . We walked to 3rd Coast Cafe , the Chicago History Museum , and Second City from our hotel . Our room was spacious and well-kept , and it was quiet enough for us to take a nap during the afternoon before heading out again in the evening . We would choose to stay there again even if we could afford more expensive locations downtown . We definitely enjoyed the neighborhood feel of the place .
i was in chicago from september 17-22 for a convention.. my company booked this hotel for me . the hotel is centrally located , michican ave is less than a block away . perfect location ! the suites are huge with comfy beds and a beautiful kitchenette . breakfast is the best ... bountiful.. not just muffins and toast ... i mean everything you can imagine ... waffles , bacon , sausage , hash browns , toast , danishes , omelets , burritos , all freshly made ... not artifical ... really good . and clean .. also they have a free dinner ... buffet.. excellent ... mexican night , chinese night , american fare.. all included.. wine and beer also.. well worth the expensive price of $ 279 a night . a very classy and clean hotel.. i love chicago ... will come again !
On a recent trip to Chicago to attend a major trade show I had the pleasure of staying with the Sofitel Chicago Water Tower . I say stay with as that is how they make you feel , from check in to check out they go above and beyond to ensure your stay is perfect and you want to return . The rooms are clean , chic and roomy , the beds - the best I have slept in , bathrooms large and super clean . What can I say , my new home when in Chicago ...
I was very much looking forward to our stay at this hotel , after hearing all the good things about it . Unfortunately , it was a very underwhelming experience , to say the least . But let me begin with the things that I do like about the hotel . First off , it is located my favorite part of Chicago - the leafy , affluent part of town that is Chicago 's equivalent of Manhattan 's Upper East Side , complete with sidewalks , quiet tree-lined streets , real old-school townhouses ( instead of ugly towering monstrosities that are 21st century condominiums ) , cute boutiques ( instead of Gap , Banana Republic and other mainstream mass-produced brands ) and , of course , Hermes of Paris ( which warrants a separate mention ) . I also like the small intimate lobby area with old leather couches , cherry colored wooden furnitures , area rugs and distinct artwork . The very reason why I always tend to gravitate toward smaller boutique hotels instead of impersonal chains . I definitely love the room . While the space issue is not as bad in Chicago as it is in Manhattan , getting a 400-sqft guestroom for our weekend getaway is not an easy task . So we were delighted to see that our room comes with generous , ample bathroom , double sink , massive king bed AND still enough space to walk around , do a chicken dance , and strut my Herve and Louboutins in . My only reservation was the lack of natural light - the windows were definitely inadequate to allow sunlight to find its way into our 11th-floor room , but then again Delaware St is not exactly the widest street in town and there are buildings in front of us , so ca n't have it all ! Yet one thing that really disappointed us was the service , or lack thereof . I mean , seriously . They do n't call it the 'hospitality ' industry for no reason . I did pay a premium to stay in smaller boutique hotels such as this so I do get a service that is a little bit more personalized than the kind that I would be getting from say , a 3000-room Vegas hotel . First , I called in to reconfirm my reservation . The lady on the phone was anything but courteous and competent . First off , she was not able to find my reservation and I was transferred to the front desk staff , to whom I had to explain myself all over again ( my pet peeve when it comes to on-the-phone customer service ) . The person who manned the reception desk was not friendly , nor was he at all competent either . Case in point - he had to send the slip of paper on which I agree to the nightly rate and duration of stay up to the room after we checked in , which clearly indicated that he must have forgotten when we were actually down there . But the real kicker was when we ordered room service after arriving - it was about 1AM . As a general rule , I am never , ever , a big fan of room service , having had my fair share of bad food that they slap 18 % gratuity , 10.5 % tax ( and still expect a tip ) on during my days globetrotting on the company 's expense account . Think overcooked steaks , lukewarm soup , bread hard enough to knock someone out , and ice-creams that are already half melted by the time it reaches your suite . So I really was n't expecting hotels as small as Talbott to have a 24-hour room service , but lo and behold , they do . I placed an order of chicken BLT , which ( to my initial delight ) came in within 20 minutes . Then after the customary of the invoice and the involuntary yet customary tip of $ 2 on top of the 18 % service fee ( refer above ) I opened the cover only to find something that looked like it was picked up from the garbage bin , microwaved and served on a plate with a bag of Lay 's chips ( lightly salted flavor ) . The bread looked like someone stomped on it , the L and T looked like it was 2 days old , the B was unrecognizable , and the chicken was burnt and cold . It was pathetic room service at its finest . We did get the item taken off our bill ( rightfully so too ) but the front desk person was , instead of apologetic , defiant . The whole thing was just very upsetting and for a hotel as high-end as this to be able to leave such a bad impression within the first hour of arriving , it 's quite an accomplishment in and of itself . We wo n't be coming back , unfortunately .
Thank god I got this hotel through priceline . I ca n't imagine paying full price for this place . The tub was moldy and dingy . The toilet did n't flush . Their selection of TV channels was limited to say the least . Unless you wanted to pay $ 5 for a rerun of an NBC show . Oh , and internet ? Why that will set you back about $ 15 for the day . And breakfast ? That 's about $ 16 for a cup of coffee , a croissant and two slices of honeydew . This hotel is the pits . The customer service is ... .absent ! When you walk in to the ridiculous lobby ( decked out like some bad late 80 's prom ) there 's no one to direct you upstairs to the check in . And once you 're there , check in is very fast , i 'll grant them that . This hotel is a big , crummy rip-off . I will never stay here ( and will steer clear of Hyatts in general I believe ) .
While overall a decent property , the incident I had with this hotel has been like none other in my history of travel . I recently stayed at the Hotel Monaco for five nights , checking out on Monday , March 19th . Shortly after leaving the hotel and retrieving my car from the valet , my partner and I noticed a large scrape on the bumper of the car that was n't present upon checking in . We had not requested use of the car for the duration of our stay . I called the hotel approximately two hours after checking out and was directed to speak with the garage manager at Park One ( their valet company ) who stated that he would review video of the car and call me back within 48 hours to verify that the car was unblemished upon arrival , and was scraped upon departure from the garage . The garage manager , Mike Yunan , did n't call back until I had an email exchange with the general manager of the hotel , Marco Scherer . When he finally got back to me , the garage manager stated that he would file an `` incident report '' and claim with his insurance company , Travelers , which would eventually deny the claim because garage staff would n't admit fault or liability , nor did they supply the video they stated they had of the car entering or exiting the garage , which could have verified that the damage was n't present upon check-in , but was at check-out . Their insurance representative even told me that the garage does not have surveillance at that location , contradicting the garage manager . In the end , this Kimpton InTouch guest got stuck with a $ 1,000 bill for parking at this Kimpton property : an almost $ 500 paint scrape on top of a $ 48/per day parking fee , rental car expenses , several hours of lost time in dealing with the issue , and one gigantic headache . In the end , do NOT trust the valets or staff at this hotel , and take your business elsewhere if at all possible .
We arrived and thought for $ 350 a night , it would be a decent place . Good reviews , etc ... We arrived to find that the website pictures were misleading . The hotel lounge was a `` room '' , it was really odd and very dark . The first night there I noticed that the blanket on the bed was nasty looking . Resembled something you 'd find on a street . To top it all off we woke up after night # 2 to find that bed bugs had attacked us . My husband and I were both bitten . I was bitten WAY more than my husband . My legs were covered with bites . I was on ointments and Benadryl for over a week . I immediately came home and scalded all our clothes . There was also mold around the tub both inside it and on the floor by it . The bathroom floor was also curling up by the tub . The view in room # 607 is of a roof . Not good . The stay was VERY disappointing . The only good thing there is the free breakfast on every floor .
Great location and quality place to stay . Lovely large clean room with a queen size bed it was great . Staff were very helpful and put us onto some great restaurants and then some music bars . Coleman on the front desk was a great guy to meet as a first impression he sold the hotel to us with his personality . The hotel delivered an anniversary cake to us in our room ( compliments of the hotel ) for me this showed that they care about their guests Many thanks to all it was a great place to stay .
We stayed in the Amalfi in July 2010 , 4th of July weekend . I was very apprehensive about leaving my Diesel Ford Excursion with the valet at Amalfi . It has a few modifications to the engine and can be damaged if not operated correctly . I explained the procedure to the valet drivers , and felt like it was a complete waste of time . When the vehicle was returned to me the valet driver did not let it idle down and cool the turbo off as I had instructed . When I tried to start it , it was n't happy , but did finally start . I was so relieved to get it back I just wanted to leave . Driving away I noticed that the top speed recorded on the GPS was 105mph ! ! ! ( previous top speed was 95mph , done a few days earlier driving across South Dakota ) . I could just picture the flying Ferrari scene in Ferris Bueller 's Day Off . I could n't imagine where in the crowded Chicago traffic they found a place to go that fast , though it would n't take long to make that happen ( see reference to modified engine above ) . A little while later we stopped for lunch and I noticed a dent in the front bumper . I contacted the hotel and was referred to their claims people . No remedy . Lesson learned . Brett
We stay at Hilton for 4 nights last march . It was a pleasant stay . We got a large room with 2 double beds and 2 bathrooms , The TV was Ok , a 27 ' CRT Flat Screen . The coincierge was very friendly when we need . The room was very cleaned when we arrived , we ordered some pizzas from room service and the pizza was Ok also.The main Hall is beautiful . The breakfast is charged , 20 dollars , kinda expensive . The internet access ( WiFi ) is charged , 13 dollars/day . Pros : Low rate price , huge rooms , close to attractions at Loop , close to metro station . Cons : Expensive breakfast , Internet access charged . Tip : When leaving the building , always use the Michigan Av exit . Its a great view .
This is about the fourth time we stayed at the Allegro . The previous times , I have nothing but good to say about the Allegro . But my reaction has soured on this place . We have stayed here the past few years on the first weekend in December as a kick off to the holiday season and our shopping . From the very start , this year was a disappointment . I had checked the deals on a number of sites before calling the Allegro . I was quoted one price ( higher than what was on line ) , when I mentioned this , I was told I could have the lower price . At check in , the desk was nice but not friendly . We discovered that our room was not as good as in the past ( punishment for asking for a lower price ? ) The closet had no hangers , we had no place to put our suitcase . No one mentioned the wine reception in the evening . On the second day , we discovered that even our bath mat for the shower was missing . It took two phone calls and almost two hours to get a new one . I wrote the management following our stay . I have yet to receive a reply . Needless to say we will be looking elsewhere when we go into the city the next time . I would advise others to do the same .
Booked through Hotwire and consequently was placed in a room where we barely had room to walk around our luggage . The 'view ' was of the 'inner courtyard ' of nothing but walls of windows of the other rooms . You were unable to determine what the weather was outside except that it was either day or night . They no longer have in-room coffee appliances . You either have to go down to their ostentatious dining room , or go around the corner to Starbucks or McDonald 's . Internet access is not free ( $ 12.95/24 hours ) , the `` Gift Shop '' is a joke ( tucked away in the corner of the coat check room , Concierge services have limited hours , and the business center is open only during 'business hours ' which made it difficult to get work done after 'business hours . '' I would not stay there ever again , nor do I recommend it to anyone . I have had better stays at any Holiday Inn Express !
We went to Chicago to see an exhibit at the Art Institute and selected the Fairmont because it was so close . Although the lobby is still being renovated , our experience at the hotel was uniformly positive . The room was nicely sized and newly remodeled and immaculate . The only glitch involved getting the room coffee replenished . The maid does not do that , and by bedtime on the first night , we still did n't have coffee . We called the front desk and they immediately delivered a fresh supply . The restaurant is a little underwhelming , but with so many other places to go within a very few blocks , we probably would n't have eaten there any more than we did . After having stayed in close to a dozen different Chicago hotels , this may be the hotel we return to whenever we return .
The historic feel of the hotel really had a strong influence on my choice to book this hotel . Unfortunately , the ambiance of the hotel could not make up for the rest of its shortcomings . The front desk staff was rude , the doormen were usually busy chatting or playing on their cell phones instead of greeting us or opening the door . There are three elevators but good luck with them all working . They are very very small and when only one is up and running ... you end up waiting a long time for one . Not fun when you are on the 12th floor . The room was TINY and the air conditioning did not work at all ... the room felt damp and miserable . We put the thermostat as low as it would let us ( 65 ) and the room never went below 78 . ( and it was 107 outside the whole trip ! ! ! ) . There really are no amenities inside the hotel other than an ice machine and a slightly overpriced restaurant . Internet is not free either ... Overall , I would never stay here again .
Stayed here for two days in the first week in January , when hotel was very quiet . Got a big corner room . Staff are friendly , decor is modern , and there 's a huge choice of pastries and cakes and breads for breakfast , which you take back to your room . The free hors d'oevres with the drinks are great antipasti - olives , breads , cheeses and meats , marinated vegetables . This was a really easy hotel to stay in , fairly central - a couple of blocks away from the ' L ' , and quiet , despite the building work opposite . If you 're in Chicago , stay here .
The Omni is in a fabulous location on Michigan Avenue . Within just blocks are all types of stores , including Saks , Nordstroms , H & M , Filenes Basement , Macys , La Perla , Apple , Bloomingdates ... ..I could go on and on ! The room itself was fabulous . Comfortable , nice big flat screen tvs , nice sized bathroom . They charge for Wi-Fi , but we found if we clicked yes on joining their guest program we could then go from the sign-on screen right to our email without actually completing the registration . We got this hotel for $ 214/night through Priceline and felt it was a terrific deal !
My husband attended a conference in Chicago for the weekend of June 22nd and I decided to tag along for the shopping ! We flew into O'Hare and took a cab to the hotel , cost about $ 30 . Everybody from the doorman to reception desk to concierge were extremely friendly and helpful . We had a room on the 9th floor which overlooked the construction , but we were hardly in the room so it did n't bother us . We were also never awakened due to construction noise and my husband is a very light sleeper . The room was clean and spacious enough for us . The bed is very comfy . We ate in the restaurant downstairs several times for breakfast and lunch and all meals were great . The location of this hotel is perfect . You are about 1 & 1/2 blocks from Michigan Ave and the Hancock tower . Ca n't beat that ! There is also an adorable pet store called Tails In The City across from the hotel ! I brought our dog back a couple of toys ! They are very nice as well . All in all , no complaints . The hotel is clean and beyond what we were expecting . The staff is always friendly and the location is superb . It 's a safe neighborhood-I walked around by myself and felt fine . We would definitely return .
We booked directly with the Intercontinental -- a special room for our wedding night . After our wedding , we went to the Hotel excited and happy . When we got there , the night changed . We were treated rudely and with no respect . They told us there was `` no room '' even though we had a confirmation number . Instead of showing any empathy , they told us to go sit down while they figured out `` what to do with us '' . My husband was in his tux and I was in my wedding gown ! No apology ! No concern ! We were given $ 20 and told to go find a cab and take it to a hotel where they 'd `` found '' a room . The Intercontinental RUINED our wedding night . We are telling anyone and everyone of our experience . This place was supposed to be elegant . We 've never been treated so poorly . We will never stay in another Intercontinental Hotel and highly recommend you do not contribute to a place that would do this to a newly married couple ! ! ! STEER clear of this place .
